# Introduction Objectives

* Intro-1: Prove a map is or is not one-to-one/onto/bijective.
* Intro-2: Prove that a relation is an equivalence relation then compute the set of unique equivalence classes.
* Intro-3: Prove a property of non-negative integers using induction.
* Intro-4: Execute the division algorithm and Aryabhata’s (Bézout’s) algorithm.
* Intro-5: 	Solve congruence equations.
* Intro-6: Complete algebraic computations with permutations. Then determine whether those permutations are even or odd.
* Intro-7: Complete the composition table of an order 6 subgroup of a symmetric group.

# Group Objectives

* Group-1: Use the definition of a group to prove or disprove that a set along with an operation is a group.
* Group-2: Use the subgroup test to prove that a subset of a group is a subgroup.
* Group-3: Find all subgroups of a cyclic group and draw the subgroup lattice.
* Group-4: Compute the subgroup generated by more than one element of a group.
* Group-5: 	Prove that a map is a homomorphism and prove whether or not it is an isomorphism.
* Group-6:	Determine the automorphism group of a particular group.
* Group-7:	Compute the right and left cosets of a subgroup of a group.
* Group-8:	Use Lagrange’s theorem or its corollaries to prove a property of a group.
* Group-9:	Compute the group and Cayley table for the symmetry group of a given shape, and determine which of our standard groups it is isomorphic to.
* Group-10:	Prove that a subgroup is normal.
* Group-11:	Compute the subgroups of a dihedral group and determine which of those subgroups are normal in the group.
* Group-12:	Compute the Cayley table for a quotient group of a group.
* Group-13:	Use the first isomorphism theorem to prove that a quotient of a group is isomorphic to another group.

# Ring Objectives

* Ring-1: Compute properties of a ring with operations other than the standard multiplication and addition.
* Ring-2: Use the subring test to prove that a subset of a ring is a subring.
* Ring-3: Compute units and quotients of a number field.
* Ring-4: Use the first isomorphism theorem for rings to prove that a quotient of a ring is isomorphic to another ring.
* Ring-5: Compute roots of a polynomial in positive characteristic rings.
* Ring-6:	Prove whether a polynomial of degree 2 or 3 is irreducible over a given base field or not.
* Ring-7:	Compute addition and multiplication tables for quotients of polynomial rings.
